Definitions
    Uncertainty: the lack of complete certainty, i.e. the existence of more than one possibility.

    Measurement: a quantatively expressed reduction of uncertainty based on one or more observations

    Measurement of uncertainty: a set of probabilities assigned to a set of possibilities.

    Risk: a state of uncertainty where some of the possibilities involve a loss, or some other underisrable outcome

    Measurement of Risk: a set of possibilities each with quantified probabilities and quantified losses.
        "e.g. we believe there is a 40% chance the oil well will be dry, causing $12m in costs"

    Opportunity Loss (OL): The cost of a wrong decision
    
    Expected Opportunity Loss: The expected value of the cost of a wrong decision
        EOL = (OL) * probability of being wrong

    Expected Value of Information (EVI): The reduction in EOL resulting from new information
        EVI = EOL_before - EOL_after

    Expected Value of Perfect Information (EVPI): The reduction in EOL resulting from perfect information
        EVPI = EOL_before

    Expected Cost of Information (ECI):
        - For a range of possible outcomes of a measurement
            - The cost of each outcome
            - The expected uncertainty reduction of each possible outcome
        - A weight average of all costs and uncertainty reductions

Principles:

    Measurement Inversion Principle
        In a decision model with a large number of uncertain variables, the economic value of measuring a
        variable is usually inversely proportional to how much measurement attention it usually gets

    Clarification Chain
        1. If it matters at all, it is detectable/observable
        2. If it is detectable, it can be detected as an amount or range of amounts
        3. If it can be detected as a range of opssible amounts, it can be measured



1. Define the problem (chapter 4)

    Define a decision with _alternatives_.
    Decompose into variables

2. Determine what you know (chapter 5)

    Get calibrated estimates for variables
    
3. Compute the value of additional information (chapters 6, 7)

    Compute EVPI/EOL for variables

4. Measure where information value is high (return to steps 2 and 3 until further measurement is not needed)
5. Make a decision and act on it




